refined Compute adoption procedure (#529)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_adopting-the-compute-service.adoc

 ** the xref:adopting-the-identity-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the Identity service] needs to be imported;
 ** the xref:adopting-the-key-manager-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the Key Manager service] needs to be imported;
 ** the xref:adopting-the-placement-service_{context}[Adopting the Placement service] needs to be imported;
 ** the xref:adopting-the-image-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the Image service] needs to be imported;
 ** the xref:migrating-ovn-data_migrating-databases[Migrating OVN data] need to be imported;
 ** the xref:adopting-the-networking-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the Networking service] needs to be imported;
** the {bare_metal} needs to be imported;
//kgilliga:I removed the link because it did not work. I might rewrite this section anyway.
 ** Required topology-specific service configuration. For more information, see
xref:proc_retrieving-topology-specific-service-configuration_migrating-databases[Retrieving topology-specific service configuration].
 ** {rhos_prev_long} services have been stopped. For more information, see xref:stopping-openstack-services_migrating-databases[Stopping {rhos_prev_long} services].

> * Define the following shell variables. The values that are used are examples. Replace these example values with values that are correct for your environment:

Author: @SeanMooney FYI: I removed most of the prerequisites because the customer should be following the guide in order, and they would have done all of this already. But if there’s a prerequisite that you think we should emphasize, please let me know.

Reviewer: I would prefer retaining the list of dependencies explicit

Author: **Note to peer reviewers**: I'd like a second opinion on listing prerequisites. If customers should be following the guide in order, do we need to list every procedure that they already should have done?

Reviewer 2: You could leave in just the first prerequisite to be explicit. 
Previous Adoption steps completed. 
Reword:
You have completed the previous Adoption steps.

> * Define the following shell variables. Replace the following example values with the values that are correct for your environment:

Reviewer 2: As this is a prerequisite, the user should already have performed it. So reword to: 

```suggestion
* You have defined the following shell variables. Replace the following example values with the values that are correct for your environment:
```

> This procedure assumes that {compute_service} metadata is deployed on the top level and not on each cell level. If the {OpenStackShort} deployment has a per-cell metadata deployment, adjust the following patch as needed. Metadata service cannot be run in `cell0`.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: use active voice:

You cannot run the metadata service in `cell0`.

            standalone:
              customServiceConfig: |
                [DEFAULT]
                host = <hostname>
                [workarounds]
                disable_compute_service_check_for_ffu=true
----
+
* Replace <hostname> with the hostname of the node that is running the `ironic` Compute driver in the source cloud.

. Wait for the CRs for the Compute control plane services to be ready:
+
----
$ oc wait --for condition=Ready --timeout=300s Nova/nova
----
+

> The local Conductor services are started for each cell, while the superconductor runs in `cell0`.

Reviewer 3: Looking at the Compute doc, it would seem that superconductor is two words:
https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/scaling_deployments_with_compute_cells/index#assembly_multi-cell-overcloud-deployments_cellsv2

Unless this is the name of some file or actual process.

Reviewer 4: we use it both ways 
the downstream docs are not the source of truth to reference
instead we should look to the upstream docs

https://github.com/openstack/nova/blob/master/doc/source/admin/cells.rst#api-database

we typically refer to this as one word

but we also spell it out as two 

https://github.com/openstack/nova/blob/1191a49a65dce694b12df26bb5316b0a816b278e/doc/source/admin/cells.rst?plain=1#L179

oc rsh nova-cell0-conductor-0 nova-manage cell_v2 list_cells | grep -F '| cell1 |'
----
+
The following changes are expected:

* The cell1 `nova` database and username become `nova_cell1`.

> * The default cell is renamed to `cell1`. In a multi-cell setup, it should become indexed as the last cell instead.

Author: @SeanMooney I’m not sure if we need to say “In a multi-cell setup, it should become indexed as the last cell instead.” This procedure is focused on a single cell configuration, so I suggest staying focused on that.

Reviewer 4: that is debatable. 
the Bogdan is currently working on the support for multiple compute cells

we are generally trying to remove the single cell and multi-cell disticiton form all of our docs

on of the open questions we are currently resolving is if we can have a common adoption procedure or not.

all OpenStack deployments have at least 2 cells 

cell-0 which is reserved for instance that could not be scheduled to any host and some other internal nova usage and a compute cell typically called "cell-1" or sometimes "default"

when i refer to a comptue cell i mean a cell other then cell-0
or endgoal is to have one procedure for both cases since we will no longer be maintaining a difference in our docs for a cloud that only has 2 cells (cell-0 and either cell-1 or default) and a cloud that has more the two cells.

Reviewer 4: @klgill for context this is the current work in flight to update the procedure to work with multiple compute cells https://github.com/openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption/pull/517

Reviewer: I have discovered a regression in docs, which makes it disconnected from tests, see https://github.com/openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption/pull/490#issuecomment-2228606100

Reviewer: regarding the multi-cell work in progress, I can make it rebasing on top of this, hopefully. Ideally though I agree this should be blocked on finishing the multi-cell guide in the PR that Sean has linked.

However, if this need to proceed now, feel free to just omit any confusing sections and statements related to multi-cell arch, as it was in flux by the time of writing, and still it is

Author: @bogdando This procedure is intended to be published in the adoption guide async after GA. It will likely be published before Feature Release 1, when the multi-cell feature is finished. 
I'm inclined to do as you suggested: Remove any statements related to multi-cell and then merge. Let me know if anything else should be done.

Reviewer 5: +1, i think this PR contains a bunch of refinements that are unrelated to the multi-cell situation? So ideally we wouln't prevent this from landing altogether.

Author: FYI @SeanMooney @bogdando @jistr : I hid/removed all multi-cell references. Let me know if I missed anything, or if you have additional comments on this procedure in general. Thank you!
